# 英语自我介绍

> ​		**Good moring，dear professors！it's my great honor here for this interview.  My name is mou jian bo，23 years old and I come from SiChuan.**
>
> ​		**I graduated from Xichang College，majoring in Computer Science and Technology.  Last year， I took the Postgraduate Entrance Examination for the first time. But to my disappointment，I failed due to lack of experience in managing the overall review of each subject. However，this failure provided me with valuable experience，and also equipped me with a solid command of the professional knowledge.  As for why I choose to study as a postgraduate student,，there are the following two reasons：For one thing，I have decided to devote myself to the embedded industry and become a qualified embedded engineer；For another，I think it is very important to realise self-worth through further study. I really love the major I applied for，so I will try my best to overcome all the difficulties. During the period of preparing for the exam，the biggest problem that I faced is the dual pressure from spirit and economy. Seeing my classmates' employment，I have to rent a house to study alone without any income. There's no way back，so I was bound to work harder.**
>
>   	**Then，I'd like to tell you my future plans. Among all the research fields，I feel my passion in embedded technology，because I think this field will make a difference to the world and I want to make contribution to its perfection. So，form now on，I plan to concentrate on study and research in my professional field，and I hope I can from a systematic view of it and make a solid foundation for future profession after three years' study. I have a strong sense of responsibility so that I will try to accomplish all the tasks assigned to me.**
>
> ​	  **That's all about me. I would be very honored if you could grant me the opportunity to study in this university.**

